[DependencyInjection] Add `urlencode` function to `EnvVarProcessor` (#19150)
symfony/symfony-docs: configuration/env_var_processors.rst

                xsi:schemaLocation="http://symfony.com/schema/dic/services
                    https://symfony.com/schema/dic/services/services-1.0.xsd
                    http://symfony.com/schema/dic/symfony
                    https://symfony.com/schema/dic/symfony/symfony-1.0.xsd">

                <parameters>
                    <parameter key="env(DATABASE_URL)">mysql://db_user:foo@b$r@127.0.0.1:3306/db_name</parameter>
                    <parameter key="encoded_database_url">%env(urlencode:DATABASE_URL)%</parameter>
                </parameters>
            </container>

        .. code-block:: php

            // config/packages/framework.php
            namespace Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\Loader\Configurator;

            use Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\ContainerBuilder;
            use Symfony\Config\FrameworkConfig;

            return static function (ContainerBuilder $container): void {
                $container->setParameter('env(DATABASE_URL)', 'mysql://db_user:foo@b$r@127.0.0.1:3306/db_name');
                $container->setParameter('encoded_database_url', '%env(urlencode:DATABASE_URL)%');
            };

    .. versionadded:: 6.4

>         The ``env(urlencode:...)`` env var processor was introduced in Symfony 6.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The ``env(urlencode:...)`` env var processor was introduced in Symfony 7.1.
```
